TODO.md, before:

# TODO

Create CLI that generates a test file from specified JS/TS/CoffeeScript file.

## 0. Strategy

Start small! Forget about the transpile part right now. Test case has to be super simple. Just to get the basic things done first.

Let's say, the command would look something like this:

```sh
$ zubora gen <source> <destination>
Test template is created at <destination>
```

We could have some settings in config file, such as:

- Destination pattern
- Output file type
- Transpiler settings

## 1. Open the file

Create a CLI tool that takes a file path to open the file.

## 2. Detect the file type and transpile

Tools:

- [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [coffee-script](http://coffeescript.org/)

TODO:

- [x] TypeScript
- [x] CoffeeScript - Introduced the plugin

## 3. Parse

Tools:

- [@babel/parser](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-parser)

Docs:

- <https://github.com/jamiebuilds/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md#best-practices>

TODO:

- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (module.export, module.export.default, module.export.named)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (export default)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (export named)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test all patterns you can find in <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/javascript/reference/statements/export>
- [x] Babel - can I block configs outside of this package? - Configured the options
- [] Support complicated patterns

## 4. Generate template

Tools:

- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)

### TODO:

- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Resolve the file path to import the source file.
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Template for Class in BDD syntax
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Template for others in BDD syntax
- [x] Add more test for CLI

### Someday

- [] We don't want to test constructor, so remove it from test case
- [] We don't want to test "private" methods such as \_xxxx() - it should be configurable

## 5. File output

## 6. Documentation

- [x] Remove unused file (e.g., src/commands/generate)
- [x] Decoupling this to zubora & zubora CLI (lerna)
- [x] README.md
- [] docs/\*.md
- [x] Tidy up config files for lerna - See <https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint>
- [x] Tidy up tsconfig.json

Commit message:

Refactoring - generate.ts should be thinner

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

Create CLI that generates a test file from specified JS/TS/CoffeeScript file.

## 0. Strategy

Start small! Forget about the transpile part right now. Test case has to be super simple. Just to get the basic things done first.

Let's say, the command would look something like this:

```sh
$ zubora gen <source> <destination>
Test template is created at <destination>
```

We could have some settings in config file, such as:

- Destination pattern
- Output file type
- Transpiler settings

## 1. Open the file

Create a CLI tool that takes a file path to open the file.

## 2. Detect the file type and transpile

Tools:

- [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [coffee-script](http://coffeescript.org/)

TODO:

- [x] TypeScript
- [x] CoffeeScript - Introduced the plugin

## 3. Parse

Tools:

- [@babel/parser](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-parser)

Docs:

- <https://github.com/jamiebuilds/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md#best-practices>

TODO:

- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (module.export, module.export.default, module.export.named)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (export default)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test Exporting Class (export named)
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Test all patterns you can find in <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/javascript/reference/statements/export>
- [x] Babel - can I block configs outside of this package? - Configured the options
- [] Support complicated patterns

## 4. Generate template

Tools:

- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)

### TODO:

- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Resolve the file path to import the source file.
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Template for Class in BDD syntax
- [x] Let's write unit tests
- [x] Template for others in BDD syntax
- [x] Add more test for CLI

### Upcoming

- [] We don't want to test constructor, so remove it from test case
- [] We don't want to test "private" methods such as \_xxxx() - it should be configurable
- [] We should make this not class based. And get all exposed functions/class

#### Refactoring...

## 5. File output

## 6. Documentation

- [x] Remove unused file (e.g., src/commands/generate)
- [x] Decoupling this to zubora & zubora CLI (lerna)
- [x] README.md
- [] docs/\*.md
- [x] Tidy up config files for lerna - See <https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint>
- [x] Tidy up tsconfig.json
